Add a config option to exclude logged in users (#304)
nextcloud/terms_of_service: README.md

## 🔗 Display on public shares

The setting applies to shares via link or mail (with and without password protection).

Default is disabled: `0`
```
./occ config:app:set terms_of_service tos_on_public_shares --value '1'
```
## 👤 Exclude logged in users

> To exclude logged in users from the terms of service, set this config to `0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To exclude registered users from accepting the terms of service, set this config to `0`.
Therefore, only email- and public link sharees have to accept the terms of service.
```

Author: Adjusted the headline as well to "registered"

Reviewer: > Adjusted the headline as well to "registered"

👍
makes the setting terminal clear
